[4.1.0] [Choreo Connect] Updated doc for Choreo connect WebSocket deployment in stand alone mode (#6123)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-websocket-api-in-choreo-connect.md

## Via apictl for Standalone Mode

> The CLI tool ([**apictl**]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller/#download-and-initialize-the-apictl)) does not support initializing projects for Streaming APIs yet. However, you can download the sample WebSocket API project in [here](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/tree/main/samples/apiProjects/SampleWebsocketApi) and try out it by deploying to the Choreo Connect. When you are using your own WebSocket API with Choreo Connect, you can change the relevant attribute values in `api.yaml` and `definitions/asyncapi.yaml` files. There is a explanation regarding those attribute values in [here](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/tree/main/samples/apiProjects/apiProjects/SampleWebsocketApi/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI tool ([**apictl**]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller/#download-and-initialize-the-apictl)) does not support initializing projects for Streaming APIs yet. However, you can download the sample WebSocket API project from [here](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/tree/main/samples/apiProjects/SampleWebsocketApi) and try it out by deploying it to Choreo Connect. When you are using your own WebSocket API with Choreo Connect, you can change the relevant attribute values in `api.yaml` and `definitions/asyncapi.yaml` files. There is an explanation regarding those attribute values [here](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/tree/main/samples/apiProjects/apiProjects/SampleWebsocketApi/README.md).
```

> Below steps explain how to try out WebSocket API in Choreo Connect stand alone mode using the above project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below steps explain how to try out WebSocket API in Choreo Connect standalone mode using the above project.
```
